you
niggas man i got my honey right day
night chip chip Carey Price niggas mad I
got my money right day night ticket
dirty rice Jerry Rice one Jerry Rice one
touchdown
terri bryant won Terry right Jerry Rice
one stiff from an air
my chain glow looking like the rainbow
it's ben and jerry's ice creams or
complejo your girl's best friend on the
wrist though in the shoe game craziest
schism you girl like to go down she and
their phone stay blessed oh and these
niggas crazy Crisco and shout my put a
hope you cheap like a demo you can't
walk a mile in my shoes and so I'm the
real drama dude you an inside celebrate
like Jerry pricing that his sons I got a
heart cold as ice to 40 cows to the
chest as Jerry Rice I'm in your TV
screens like the poltergeist I told you
once don't make me tell you twice
niggas mad I got my money right game
night get your eprice niggas mad I got
my money right k nite tip to Jerry Rice
Jerry Rice what Jerry Rice one touchdown
catch a ferry ride what Jerry right
Jerry right this is what we bout to do
we bout to pull up out of here about to
swing by the store real quick you need
some sweets on the drink we're gonna
bread it real quick my office is really
a short distance from here I got another
bus behind us ok so I'm not to invite
John to my personal compound where I
really get down you know so we're going
to real discreet real casual well you
know
oh I told her laid out k me with the
animals straight from the zoo when the
chopper gotta go so you just a blue leg
up pussy nigga leg out oh I stay fresh
makes you say I look nice I'm handsome
I'll make it bitch look twice y'all duly
VIP we all in the club me and my niggas
in think we all live with snugs bunch of
shines around me now he'll speak gosh it
slow daddy all of y'all blogs she act
funny will fuck she opposed bride holy
fuck the boss bitch is no bull ride i'll
let the money talks she don't need your
rank or talk like everything just got a
black or pepra go hard helping is so
hard mask or nice long yall niggas go
kart John Starks and militia body k slow
rock your baby mommy glad it fucker in a
hey I got goals not sure they can tell a
gold plate got ready be sure the cash
champagne on she'll idiot a couple oh
mama looking like she already knows that
leg out I told her lay out k me with the
animals straight from the zoo when the
chopper gotta go so you just a blue leg
out pussy nigga leg out
shalimar may sound business man
you